hello everyone we're back with another
video of injustice gods among us for
mobile devices I'm not talking about
chaos I'm not talking about you know
PlayStation 3 Xbox or whatever but we're
talking about the mobile version and
this is the iPad we're on and we're
looking at Catwoman or the Batman
Returns Catwoman
today is April 24 2014 first release
scene for mobile devices is not
available on Android yet but you know
when it comes out for iOS Apple stuff it
should eventually come out for Android
so going in here Catwoman right here
really if you haven't seen the Catwoman
in the card thing what do you call it
the shop I made a video on it on all the
characters and you should well almost
all the character I miss well I missed a
Lex Luthor but you can check that out
but today we're going to be looking at
her skills Catwoman skilled deadly games
and damage over time a dock deal 100%
damage for Catwoman her teammates yadda
yadda let's close that cat claws is the
first upgrade
I mean first attacks second attack is uh
Catwoman mixes up with various kicks and
cloth strikes let's upgrade that a bit
Nine Lives is Kalman super superduper of
course you have up great support
enhancements and other stuff and that
that is about it we're gonna go into
battle I think uh so we're going to look
at deadly games no wait we can't look at
that one all right we're going to look
at cat cloud scaredy-cat nine lives and
that Dobby hit we'll look at how she
battles as well actually you know what
for the sake of it let's go in here the
button is so easy we found now we can
definitely just go in here and then take
a look at her really quickly now I
thought Shazam was in here but I might
have missed it as well because I missed
the crypto Lex Luthor they all look the
same to me here's Catwoman all right as
you can see her clothes is really ripped
up and all all right that's pretty much
it we'll look we'll go into battle and
look at it now all right let's just dive
in there I think it's loading of course
there's new loading screens if you're
wondering I like the new loading screens
they did they're much I don't know maybe
maybe because it's new that's the thing
when something is new you kind of okay
the loading screen was gone alright
didn't show up alright so um you know
that's the thing with new stuff when
it's new it always looks better so here
is Catwoman that was the top attack Oh
Ronnie oh come on
this one is swiping
topogun all right we're going to use the
first attack and this is cat claws I
believe whew this is bad all right we
got hit
second attack all right to attack kind
of thing really cool stuff see a lot a
bunch of lightning as well I think that
came from Grundy actually because he was
dying all right we're gonna use her
super now
alright so that was Catwoman and we're
just gonna look at her skills again it's
kind of strange to me because their head
all look bigger in my opinion I don't
know if it's my eyes playing tricks on
me or something but their heads all look
bigger I mean it maybe it is because
we've been staring at a Harley
the animated Harley too much because of
that you know captivating small or
something but you know I I just feel
that their heads are bigger well I think
for Cowell Nina I mean then the old
characters they didn't change they're
all using the same stuff I believe are
going to come back with Catwoman now
alright first tack
second attack all right he blocked it
but we were still able to do it at least
him well I'll let you get to see what
happens when uh he blocks it but I think
we should take some hits until we can do
our super although he has one held left
it's just that I want to be able to do
the super and all in one video
all right that is about it that is
catwoman in Batman Returns she has green
eyes if you haven't checked out that
super move you can actually you actually
really noticed the green eye she has
that that is pretty much it those are
his her skills her I guess her bonuses
and things like that and available after
you do get the update the new update
which allows you to play multiplayer
online around the world